#234 Added new func to std_seq.go. (#240)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-seq.md

# seq

> The `seq` library contains functions that are used for string, array and bytes manipulations.

Author: Fixed.

| `//seq.concat(["ba", "na", "na"])` | `"banana"` |
| `//seq.concat([[1, 2], [3, 4, 5]])` | `[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]` |

## `//seq.repeat(n <: number, seq <: array) <: array` <br/> `//seq.repeat(n <: number, seq <: string) <: string`

`repeat` returns a sequence that contains `seq` repeated `n` times.

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//seq.repeat(2, "hots")` | `"hotshots"` |

## `//seq.has_prefix(prefix <: array, subject <: array) <: bool` <br/> `//seq.has_prefix(prefix <: string, subject <: string) <: bool`

> `has_prefix` checks whether the sequence `subject` is prefixed by sequence `prefix`. It returns a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`has_prefix` checks whether the sequence `subject` is prefixed by sequence `prefix` and
returns true if it is, or false otherwise.
```

Usage:

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//seq.has_prefix("I'm", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `true` |

> | `//seq.has_prefix("to write", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `{}` which is equal to `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `//seq.has_prefix("to write", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `false` |
```
Same below.

| `//seq.has_prefix(['A'],['A','B','C'])` | `true` |
| `//seq.has_prefix([1, 2],[1, 2, 3])` | `true` |
| `//seq.has_prefix([[1, 2]],[[1, 2], [3]])` | `true` |

## `//seq.has_suffix(suffix <: array, subject <: array) <: bool` <br/> `//seq.has_suffix(suffix <: string, subject <: string) <: bool` 

> `has_suffix` checks whether the sequence `subject` is suffixed by sequence `suffix`. It returns a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`has_suffix` checks whether the sequence `subject` is suffixed by sequence `suffix` and
returns true if it is, or false otherwise.
```

| `//seq.has_suffix("to write", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `true` |
| `//seq.has_suffix(['E'],['A','B','C','D','E'])` | `true` |
| `//seq.has_suffix([[3, 4]],[[1 ,2], [3, 4]])` | `true` |

## `//seq.join(joiner <: array, subject <: array) <: array` <br/> `//seq.join(joiner <: string, subject <: array_of_string) <: string`

`join` returns a concatenated sequence with each member of sequence `subject` delimited by sequence `joiner`

Usage:

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//seq.join(", ", ["pew", "another pew", "and more pews"])` | `"pew, another pew, and more pews"` |
| `//seq.join(" ", ["this", "is", "a", "sentence"])` | `"this is a sentence"` |
| `//seq.join(["", "this", "is", "a", "sentence"])` | `"thisisasentence"` |
| `//seq.join([0], [[1, 2], [3, 4], [5, 6]]` | `[1, 2, 0, 3, 4, 0, 5, 6]` 
| `//seq.join([0], [[2, [3, 4]], [5, 6]])` | `[2, [3, 4], 0, 5, 6]` |
| `//seq.join([[0],[1]], [[[1, 2], [3, 4]],[[5, 6],[7, 8]]])` | `[[1, 2], [3, 4], [0], [1], [5, 6], [7, 8]]` |

## `//seq.contains(sub <: array, subject <: array) <: bool` <br/> `//seq.contains(sub <: string, subject <: string) <: bool`

> `contains` checks whether sequence `sub` is contained in sequence `subject`. It returns a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`contains` checks whether sequence `sub` is contained in sequence `subject` and
returns true if it is, or false otherwise
```

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//seq.repeat(2, "hots")` | `"hotshots"` |

> ## `//seq.has_prefix(prefix <: string, s <: string) <: bool`

Author: It has been changed, `//seq.has_prefix(prefix, subject)`.

`has_prefix` checks whether the string `s` is prefixed by `prefix`. It returns a boolean.

Usage:

| example | equals |
|:-|:-|
| `//seq.has_prefix("I'm", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `true` |

> | `//seq.has_prefix("to write", "I'm running out of stuff to write")` | `{}` which is equal to `false` |

Reviewer: Don't bother with bytes till after #257.

| `//seq.split(" ", "deliberately adding spaces to demonstrate the split function")` | `["deliberately", "adding", "spaces", "to", "demonstrate", "the", "split", "function"]` |
| `//seq.split("random stuff", "this is just a random sentence")` | `["this is just a random sentence"]` |

> ## Array

Reviewer: The behaviour is exactly the same across strings and array. You should document them once and merge the examples.
